Instructions
The UNF Arena can seat 12,000 people for an event.  If the arena was full and you were to poll everyone for which day of the year (between 1 and 365, inclusive) they were born, determine which days had the most birthdays and which days had the fewest birthdays.
Write a program that will generate 12,000 random birthdays (integer numbers) between 1 and 365 and count how many people have that same birthday.  Output a listing of the days that have the most birthdays and the days that have the fewest birthdays.  You do not need to convert a number like 32 to an actual date (February 1st).

Your code will have two classes: 

    the Main class will hold the main() method.  
    From this class, you will create an object of the Arena class.
    This object will call responsible methods in the Arena class to print the MAX and MIN birthday dates.
    the Arena class will have a random number generation method.  
    This class's constructor will take #of people in the area as an input.
    With this number, you will create an array and a method will put random numbers between 1 and 365 in this array.
    Two other methods in this class will determine the days with MAX and MIN birthdays.
    Make sure to print ALL maximum and minimum birthdate days.
    The two classes can be part of the same file. A naive example structure is shown below.



 public class Main{
 public static void main(String args[]){
Arena a = new Arena();
a.printArena();
}
}
 class Arena{
void printArena() {
System.out.println("I am arena");
}
}
 
Goals

    Use your knowledge of arrays and random number generation to solve a problem.
    Use looping structures to determine the largest and smallest values in an array and then find each occurrence of that value.
    Gain experience in creating objects and multiple classes.
    Gain experience in method call using an object of a class written by yourself.


Sample output
The following days have 75 people:
147
The following days have 35 people:
143 312